In 1945 the second world war
came to an end.
The German reich and the Japanese empire
were defeated by the allied forces.
In front of us is Germany,
within us marches Ghana.
The German Nazi leader Adolf Hitler
committed suicide,
while Japanese military leader hideki tojo was
sentenced to death by a military tribunal.
Or at least that is what was
written in the history books.
In reality, Hitler and tojo
fled by submarine to Ghana,
where they are hiding to this day.
And it all shall be mine.
Among them also Hitler's most trusted
accomplice, horse-man goering.
I am horse-man goering.
No body can defeat goering.
They are raising hell in
their local communities and
smash everything and everyone in their way
with the superior Japanese karate skills.
Whazz up?
Goering! Back off!
Thanks to the intense karate training,
and their Arian superpowers,
they managed to reverse their aging process
and they are stronger and more
Arian than ever before.
Hitler!
We will give you all that you need.
That's only thing we need from you.
Please provide us with ladies.
Beautiful ladies like these.
Hitler offers the local riches,
alcohol and women.
But in reality he is brainwashing them
with a spell of the magical "blutfahne”,
or blood flag.
The new axis powers,
Germany, Japan and Ghana
have gathered a powerful army
calling themselves the ghan-arians.
This time without Italy,
because they suck at war.
Nobody is safe from the spell
of the magical blutfahne.
And before you know it,
your father, your mother,
your brother, your sister,
might have already become a ghan-Arian...
Mindless foot soldiers
whose sole mission is to create
a new joined kingdom of Hitler's 4th reich
and tojo"s new Japanese empire.
Will anybody be able to stop them?
Or will Hitler and tojo finally
be able to conquer the world?
With their African kung fu Nazis!
Here he comes now! Lookin' good!
Hey addae, whaddup whaddup whaddup?
Addae, ma man!
Addae! Whaddup bro?
I miss you, baby.
You are looking so good.
All for you. But...
Don't forget our date tonight.
Of course, Eva.
I can't forget that. And I can't wait.
You are such a darling.
So happy.
I've got ready for training now though...
- Oh no.
- Yes.
- See you later.
- Ok
see you soon.
Take care.
Addae!
How's your kung fu training coming along?
Addae...
You're late again!
How do you ever expect to improve,
when you are not serious about training?
I am sorry, master.
You are sorry?
As usual when you're late,
10 minutes horse stance!
Go down, go down!
Now, as you all know,
there will be a great tournament.
And I expect everyone of you
to be at your best.
I expect you to fight with pride.
And bring honor to our
shadow snake school.
Remember!
There is no kung fu style that can beat
our shadow snake school.
Yes, master!
And as always,
akante will represent our school
for the tournament.
And I will give the opportunity
to another student,
who will also represent us
in the tournament.
Me, master! Please choose me!
Be silent!
The one who impresses me the most will be
the second fighter for the tournament.
And for you, addae,
you did not impress me today.
I will announce the second fighter
by the close of the day.
- Dispatch!
- Yes, master!
Now, assemble! Everyone!
Abeeku, step forward!
You will represent our second fighter
at the tournament.
Thank you, master.
It is a great honor.
I will not disappoint you.
- Join the queue.
- Thank you, master.
Now you can dismiss.
I believe master would have chosen you.
You just have to be more disciplined.
Otherwise you can never get to my level.
Anyway, have you heard about
this new tournament?
It's from a man called Adolf Hitler.
Hitler... funny name, right?
They call themselves the ghan-arians.
- Akante.
- What?
I don't know why master
is doing this to me.
You know, kung fu is all I have.
I thought master will
finially let me represent.
Represent what?
Cheer up my man.
You've got the most beautiful
girl in town and that is Eva.
You know what? I'll easily give up my spot
in the tournament
so that I can have a date with her.
No wait... I'd rather kick some ass.
That's my boy. Cheer up, man.
The ghan-arians do not even practice
Chinese kung fu.
They practice Japanese karate.
It's gonna be an easy win.
I think you've had enough already!
What's wrong with you.
I was hoping to have a
nice evening with you...
The master.
Again he didn't choose me.
When will he finally give me the chance
to represent our school? When?
Spare me with your whining addae!
What is it with that dumb kung fu anyway?
I love you, addae.
But it is time you get a job for a change.
Now let me tell you one secret.
My father would never alloe me to marry
a loser like you!
Please. You have to understand.
If I can make a name for myself
in the martial arts world,
I'll be rich and famous.
You'll never have to worry
about a thing anymore.
This is the perfect
chance for me, you know?
It's going to be an easy tournament.
It's by some guys who call
themselves ghan-arians.
They don't even practice kung fu,
but Japanese karate.
- Ghan-arians! Si!
- Ka!
We have seized the power in Ghana.
Now it's time to assimilate
the Ghanaian people.
We have gathered here today
to swear in two new comrades,
into our exclusive circle of ghan-arians.
Only the best of the best can join us
to fight for the advent of the 4th reich!
So
Now they shall swear the oath
to our beloved blutfahne.
One people, one reich, one leader.
You got dat right.
For leader, reich and fatherland.
Do you swear?
Yes, my fuherer!
In front of us is Ghana.
Within us marches Ghana.
Marching is cool.
Welcome our two new comrades
my dear Ghana-arians.
Are you two ready to fight
for the advent of the 4th German reich
and the new Japanese empire?
Ghana-arians, now to a
completely different topic.
As you all know, our great Ghana-Arian
tournament will start very soon.
Regarding this, a few words from
our axis partner hideki tojo.
Greetings.
A few remarks regarding
the upcoming martial arts
tournament.
No need to show any mercy
towards your opponents.
Just exterminate
everyone in your way.
Every fight, shall be fought
to the death.
Chinese kung fu is crap.
Japanese karate is the only true
martial art.
Behold the beauty of Japan!
Hail the emperor of Japan!
Tomorrow, we shall go out and spread
the word of Japan's beauty
and recruit more soldiers for the
Japanese emperor and the German reich.
Dat's sit!
- Si!
- Ka!
One... two...
One... two... stop!
You may give me all your money for our
tournament and the emperor.
One... two... one... two... stop!
Mere woman, money out, for our
tournament and the emperor. Please.
My money? Hell nah!
Get outta here!
Oh, and hang up
this commercial for our tournament.
You gotta be joking!
One.
Take this crap back.
Two.
I've had it with you China-man!
Pay!
Hey! Hey! Easy there China-man!
One! Two! One! Two!
Stop!
Hey, my lady!
You are very pretty.
Give me a kiss!
What is that?
How dare you reject me woman!
Let's have a little chat over there,
in this dark alley...
Eva, you don't have to worry.
He is an Asian. Even if he goes for it,
you won't feel a thing.
What did you just say?
Let me show you something...
In my pants...
Hey addae! Brother!
What are you doing?
While you are sitting here enjoying adonko
while the ghan-arians are
demolishing our school.
What do you want, man?
Can't you see I am busy?
What the hell happened to you anyway?
The ghan-arians have come to our school.
It is terrible.
They say if we don't pay them a tribute
every month to the Japanese emperor,
they will exterminate us.
Why don't you stop them?
Isn't master there?
And your kung fu is very great too.
What's happening?
They are too good.
Too good?
Yes.
So we need every man... we must stop them.
We must. We must go now. Please.
- You mean too good?
- We must go now.
Stop right there!
No! Master!
You, devil!
You!
I'll kill you!
You show great fighting spirit.
You would be a good soldier for the
emperor. But... you need to be punished.
Master!
We have gathered here today to pay our
last respect to our dear master.
We fought a good fight in order
to save his nation.
So we gathered here to show our
appreciation for being a good master.
For it is written,
that a master dies by example.
And our master was really de man.
The lord gave and the lord has taken away.
For as much as we praise almighty god,
of his great mercy to take onto himself
the soul of dear master,
shadow snake master, the departed one.
Earth to the earth.
Ashes to the ashes.
And dust to the dust.
Be with earth now and forever more. Amen.
Just take it easy. Right?
Where is Eva?
I haven't seen her. Where is she?
I don't know.
Why don't you...
I couldn't get hold of her for
the last few days.
I guess, our wedding plans are on ice now.
Sorry.
Our master used to drive this type of car.
It breaks my heart.
These bastards will have to pay.
Will you still take part in the
ghan-arians' martial arts tournament?
Yes, I will.
That will be suicide.
I heard it is to the death.
The Japanese karate is too strong.
Our shadow snake kung fu style
won't stand a chance.
I know, addae.
But I have to try.
I owe that to our master.
My heart...
My heart is burning addae!
Join the ghan-arians. Accra - kaputt!
Stalingrad - cheese wheel.
Final victory is imminent.
Join the ghan-arians. Kumasi - kaputt!
Stalingrad - Ferris wheel.
Give us four years time.
Hello!
I am buying the rice, as usual.
Just one cup.
Dj Adolf. Join the ghan-arians.
Greetings fighters from around the world.
Enlist to the great ghan-Arian tournament.
Get rewarded from Hitler himself.
Make your wishes become reality.
Hitler makes your wish come true.
Join the ghan-arians.
A warm welcome to all fighters
from around the world,
if you win our tournament, Hitler will
Grant you a wish, whatever it may be.
Now a few words from our
beloved fuehrerin.
Be hard as a greyhound doggy.
Tough as a krupp iron bar.
And fast as...
Beef. I
the next song shall be dedicated
to my new love...
Eva braun.
A tanned version.
Three times si-ka for Eva braun,
the tanned version!
- Si!
- Ka!
You guys are still alive.
You are here to enlist into our tournament?
You shall see.
Let me tell you something.
Your shadow snake style is useless.
Leave him.
Leave him!
Now come and fight.
Hey!
Stop!
Who are you?
You want to kill this little boy?
I said who are you?
I am a drinking master.
Addae!
Come on, boy.
Coward, come on.
I said come on.
We shall meet again.
And you!
Meet me there.
Only the strong can survive.
Next time when you see a drinking master,
you will pass by.
Rise and shine.
Where am I?
Old guy...?
You're welcome to my home.
Thank you for yesterday.
You saved my life.
Who are you, old guy?
Master akpeteshie.
Because...
I like akpeteshie.
Master akpeteshie.
Your style. It's fantastic.
You could hold your own against
these ghan-arians and their karate.
Please.
Master. Teach me.
Well, that depends on you.
I can see a fire burning in your heart.
But is your heart in the right spot?
The training will be hard.
And I expect iron discipline.
If you oversleep or complain,
I will throw you out.
This will be harder than anything
you have ever experienced before.
Are you ready now?
Yes, master.
I will not disappoint you.
Let's begin.
I call it, the moon shine style.
Here, drink this.
Take it.
This is my secret, akpeteshie.
Watch me.
I think you are ready now to move on.
What do you mean by move on, master?
Move on to learn the next techniques.
What techniques, master?
Well, you can't win the tournament
just with the moon shine style.
It works against karate.
But not against goering's iron shirt style.
You have to move on.
You have to look for three-finger-Joe.
He lives on the hill of the dead,
there you will find three-finger-Joe.
My, my name is addae.
Master akpeteshie sent me.
He said you can train me for the great
ghan-Arian martial arts tournament.
Please.
Please master, teach me.
I am the three-finger-Joe.
My technique only work for three fingers'.
Before you can learn my technique,
I chop off your hands.
I will chop chop your hands.
Chop fingers!
No, no, no please!
You are the chosen one.
The priestess told me...
A man with three fingers will
come to me to teach him.
He is the man who will break
the spell of the blood flag.
I hate the blood flag.
I hate the ghan-arians.
And I hate Hitler.
What an honor.
You are the chosen one.
I bow before you.
Break the nut.
You are such a darling.
That a master dies by example...
Break the nut.
Good.
But there is one more step.
You have to go to the priestess.
She will teach you how to break
the spell of the blood flag.
But, how can I find the priestess?
Don't worry.
You are the chosen one.
The priestess will find you.
Now, go!
Gol
gol
Chosen one.
Wake up.
Are you the priestess?
Yes, chosen one.
Come.
Oooooooo00000h yes.
Very very good.
Them vanilla pancakes. Love 'em.
You hungry? I'm still a
bit hungey honestly.
Don't have anything here.
Sorry, ate it all earlier.
Want some tea?
The pancakes are gone.
Oh yeah, what about that Adolf
guy by the way? Adolf himmler?
What is it with you and that
himmler guy? I mean Hitler.
He brainwashes people with a spell
of the so called blood flag... hold on.
I will teach you a spell to break
the spell of the blood flag.
Hold on a sec...
This spell will protect you
from the blood flag.
Take this.
Come here.
Das how you burn dat
dayum blood flags.
The power of this hairband
together with the words I just told you
will break the spell of
the dreaded blood flag.
And eliminate the power Hitler
has over the ghan-arians.
You are ready now, chosen one.
Meditate now... and never forget the words
I just told you!
Go.
Now go to
the tournament. Exterminate Hitler!
Exterminate Hitler!
I will crush you like a bug.
Ladies and gentleman!
Dear ghan-arians.
Awarm welcome to y'all.
Germany is cool.
- Si!
- Ka!
Let the games commence.
In the blue corner:
A Mongolian.
In the red corner:
A large, but sexy black lady.
Fight!
Winner:
The lady I mentioned earlier.
In the blue corner:
Some Indian dude.
In the red corner:
Reichs-master goering.
Fight!
Winner:
Reichsmarschall goering.
Cup of coffee, yeah... cup of coffee in the
big time, that's what you are.
You're just a grain of sand,
while I'm the whole desert, yeah!
Who's the man?
You are Mr. machismo.
Yeah... rip it off machismo girls!
In the blue corner:
Mister machismo.
In the red corner:
Addae.
Fight!
I fear no man. I feel no pain!
Winner: Addae.
In the blue corner:
Ghana-Arian leader.
In the red corner:
Akante.
Fight!
Who am I?
Ghan-Arian leader!
That's me.
Winner: Akante.
Splendid Dr. adonko-man!
We may have lost one of
our ghan-Arian comrades...
But now the shadow snake fools
have to kill each other.
Hey, brother.
I believe the next fight
is very easy for us.
You, okay?
- Certainly!
- Cheers.
Sorry.
Addae, it looks like we have
to fight each other next.
I just don't know if I can.
We must, akante.
We must.
We have to avenge our master's death.
We are the only chance these people have.
To get rid of this cancer,
that are the ghan-arians.
You are right.
But I just can't.
You know, we have to fight to the death.
If we are there,
just make it quick.
Fight!
I don't know if I should kill
you or marry you.
Well, I guess I will kill you.
Winner: Reichsmarschall goering.
Fight!
I wish it would have never come to that.
We have to do what has to be done.
May the best man win.
Why are you not fighting, addae?
This is not helping anyone.
You must not hold back.
You have to fight.
Addae.
I believe one of us can win the finals.
So let's do this for the
sake of our master.
Do it for the sake of our town.
- I just can't.
- Addae!
Start fighting!
I can't.
I can't kill you.
You're my friend!
My brother!
I can't kill you...
Winner: Addae.
Eva.
Eva, wait.
It's me, addae.
My name is Eva, the tanned one,
have we met before?
Have we met before?
Of course, we have.
Eva, I love you.
Don't you remember?
Excuse me, I started feeling sick
when you said the name... just Eva.
Eval
I love you...
In then blue corner:
Addae.
In the red corner:
Reichsashamona goering.
Fight!
Everybody has a plan.
Until you get hit.
I told you.
Your shadow snake style is useless.
Now, prepare to be re-united
with your friend.
Break the nut!
Congratulations.
But unfortunately, due to a slight...
Rules violation, the last fight shall
be counted as a draw.
But, you are not the winner just yet!
Tojo!
How can you call yourself the winner if
you haven't beaten our best man just yet?
In him burns the flame
of the beauty of Japan!
Jawoll! I challenge you to a fight!
You're not the real winner of this
tournament without beating me!
Do you accept?
I accept!
So shall be it!
The final fight should be
hideki tojo of the ghan-arians
versus addae of the shadow snake school.
Gentleman! Get ready to fight!
Boys! Take the body away!
Dr. Hitler, how would you like me
to exterminate him?
This is my secret, akpeteshie.
No! Master!
Eva, I love you!
Trying to numb your pain?
I'll show you pain!
Come on!
I won the tournament.
Now I want you to Grant me my wish.
So, what shall your wish be?
Shall it be women? Shall it be money?
I can even make you my new
no.2 if you want.
I don't want any of them.
I want the blood flag.
What? The blutfahne?
A different choice would be
preferable, indeed.
Now we gonna burn
dat dayum blood flag.
No! Not the blood flag!
Addae, take it!
Welcome! Welcome to my shop!
Are you doing great?
I'm aight.
I'm glad we could bury the hatchet.
- Tojo, we want some of this.
- Sure!
Which do you want?
With or without teeth?
- 10 Ghana cedi.
- We want it.
- Here you are.
- Thank you very much.
Well, I guess my father was wrong
and you are never a loser after all.
Yeah, I am not a loser.
And I am really glad everything is
back to normal.
Once we settle down,
I will open my own kung fu school.
I will strongly support you, because your
kung fu has saved us all!
Something like the ghan-arians must
never happen again.
Hey addae...
- Si!
- Ka!